[Music]
you killed my daughter
and destroyed my family i don't know who
you are
but i'm coming for you
you're good man arthur a silent warrior
[Music]
i am protected
i've always had a gut feeling that there
was some
link between here and what happened
to your family you're going to find them
arthur
i know you will
they know i'm here no one's recording
you right now
you sure the people controlling all this
they're bringing people here they're
changing their names so lucky to be here
there's an entire underground bunker
the people here wonder they're all
trapped
what does it have to do with you they
kill my daughter
we're pinning down the truth
i never wanted blood on my hands
he's going to end up hurting himself or
someone else
it's a war jimmy
between the dark and the light
jimmy
[Music]
you